Goddamn thing
It's embarrassing to throw it at grandma's house
What are you doing?
It's really fake.
You were played like a monkey
My Qi family Qi concubine Jia
Kneel and apologize
I hope the Supreme Being can be magnanimous to the Qi family
In the future, Qi Jiayang will always follow you
This is crazy.
The patron saint of southern Xinjiang
Call his heart
I'm afraid after today
This son's name will resound throughout the southern border
It's the whole of Great Xia Yeyhua
My grandfather made such a big gift at an age
I would also like to die a slave
Are you still unwilling to forgive my Qi family?
That's all.
Qi Jia can be pardoned
Thank you Supreme Plenty
From now on, our family
Tell me about the war of the Zhao family in Jiangnan
OK
Very good, just a martial arts supreme
Let your Qi family and my Zhao family go to war
Qi, you really have a good eye for guarding you.
What I value is Mr. Ye's potential
I believe that as long as you give Mr. time
He can step into the world
in situ tribulation
Become a fairy dancer
It was just a legend
Just rely on him Seven Xiaoxiao
Are you really going to declare war on my Zhao family?
I'm sure, so don't blame me for being rude.
Wuhan University Elder
Please come in.